===========
Homework 10
===========

Due by noon on Thursday, Apr 3rd.

Note: you will be asked to do 50 total points of projects for this class.

0. Merge hw9 into your master.  Please don't delete the 'hw9' branch.

   Hand in this homework on branch 'hw10' on your github account, and
   set up a pull request between hw10 and your master branch.  Don't
   merge it, just set up the PR.

1. Pick 10 points worth of projects from :doc:`projects` and implement.

   Make sure to explain what you did in the ChangeLog, in detail.

   As per the syllabus, you are allowed to work collaboratively but
   everything you hand in must have your own name on the commits.  The
   only exception to this is if you are working with someone else's
   project, but the sum of the project points must be N*5 (if you work
   in a group with N=2 people, each person must implement 5 pts worth
   of projects).  Note that you are also responsible for making sure
   the other persons' code doesn't break your code.

   If you run into technical difficulties that can't be resolved, you
   can ask (via e-mail) for an extension until the following Thursday.
   In your e-mail write in a few sentences what problem you're running
   into, what you've tried in terms of debugging it, and what you think
   the problem is.  If I grant you an extension I will find someone
   to help you via code review/pull request on github.  Extensions
   may not be granted, however, so make sure you're really stuck before
   asking for one...

After handing things in:
------------------------

Do a clean checkout of your repo and make sure that all the tests pass
and that all your functionality works on the clean checkout, on arctic.

Using ChangeLog, please explain your project choice and implementation
in sufficient detail to let someone else (me) who is _not_ psychic
understand what you've done and run it.  Test your code and any
instructions using a clean checkout.  I mean it.

.. chats app => extra field
.. polling
